Cookie Policy
 Link to Chat
This is the Cookie Policy for Norroth, accessible from https://www.norroth.com

What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional webgames this game uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the games functionality.

How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this game. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.

Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other webgames that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this game. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.

The Cookies We Set

Account related cookies
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your game preferences when logged out.
Login related cookies
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Email newsletters related cookies
This game offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Orders processing related cookies
This game offers e-commerce or payment facilities and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly.
Surveys related cookies
From time to time we offer user surveys and questionnaires to provide you with interesting insights, helpful tools, or to understand our user base more accurately. These surveys may use cookies to remember who has already taken part in a survey or to provide you with accurate results after you change pages.
Forms related cookies
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Game preferences cookies
In order to provide you with a great experience on this game we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this game runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this game.

This game uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the game and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the game and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.

This game uses Smartlook to track and measure usage of this game so that we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the game, pages you visit, clicks or any actions which helps us to understand how we can improve the game for you. It also helps us monitoring for bugs so they can be fixed faster and more accurate.

From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the game is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the game whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.

As we sell products it's important for us to understand statistics about how many of the visitors to our game actually make a purchase and as such this is the kind of data that these cookies will track. This is important to you as it means that we can accurately make business predictions that allow us to monitor our advertising and product costs to ensure the best possible price.

The Google AdSense service we use to serve advertising uses a DoubleClick cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and limit the number of times that a given ad is shown to you. For more information on Google AdSense see the official Google AdSense privacy FAQ.

We use adverts to offset the costs of running this game and provide funding for further development. The behavioural advertising cookies used by this game are designed to ensure that we provide you with the most relevant adverts where possible by anonymously tracking your interests and presenting similar things that may be of interest.

Several partners advertise on our behalf and affiliate tracking cookies simply allow us to see if our customers have come to the game through one of our partner sites so that we can credit them appropriately and where applicable allow our affiliate partners to provide any bonus that they may provide you for making a purchase.

We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this game that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media games including; Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube; will set cookies through our game which may be used to enhance your profile on their game or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More Information

Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our game.

For more general information on cookies, please read "Cookies" article from the Privacy Policy Generator.

However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:

By sending an e-mail to info@norroth.com
