Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Download Link to Chat  
We value your privacy. This privacy is guaranteed in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. The purpose of this document is to inform you about how we process your (personal) data.
Purposes of processing
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
• To inform you about our products and services;
• to execute agreements concluded with you;
• relationship management;
• product and service development;
• optimizing our marketing policy.

The data is further used to be able to fulfill your requests or to answer your questions as well and as quickly as possible. The data can also be used to send you interesting offers. You will always be given the opportunity to unsubscribe if you do not wish to receive these (any longer). In case we want to process personal data for purposes not (yet) foreseen in this document, we will inform you beforehand and, if required, ask your permission.
Legal bases for processing
We process your personal data on the basis of the following legal bases: Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or for compliance with a legal obligation; the processing is necessary for the protection of our legitimate interests or those of a third party; you have given (as far as necessary express) consent to the processing; you have the right at any time to modify or withdraw the consent to the processing that you have given.
Retention period
We do not keep personal data longer than necessary for the purposes for which they are processed. We keep personal data for a maximum of two years from the time your account is inactive.
Processing by third parties
We may engage third parties to process data, including personal data that we obtain through our website. We do not sell your personal data to third parties and provide them only if this is necessary for the execution of our agreement with you or to comply with a legal obligation. With third parties who process your personal data on our behalf, we conclude a processing agreement to ensure the same level of security and confidentiality of your data.
Appropriate security
Taking into account the state of the art, the implementation costs, as well as the nature, scope, context and processing purposes, and the risks to the rights and freedoms of persons that vary in terms of probability and severity, we take as many appropriate technical and organizational measures as possible to ensure a risk-appropriate level of security as well as possible.

If you have the impression that your personal data is not properly secured or there are indications of abuse, please contact us via info@norroth.com.
Information about services and products
We offer you the opportunity to stay informed about our products or services through our newsletter. Your personal data will only be added to the list of subscribers to this newsletter with your permission. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each newsletter.
Insight, correction or removal
You have the right to submit a request to us to inspect, correct and/or delete your personal data. You have the right to request us to limit the processing of your personal data and to object to the processing of your personal data. In addition, you have the right to request us to return the personal data, which you have provided to us, to you so that you can give this personal data to another party.

You can create a ticket through our Discord or email us at info@norroth.com. We may ask you for identification with these requests.
Complaint
Do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions and/or comments. If you are (still) dissatisfied, you can file a complaint with the Dutch Data Protection Authority.
Passing on corrections to third parties
If we have corrected or removed personal data, we will inform third parties - to whom those data have been previously provided - as soon as possible about the correction or removal, unless this is impossible or requires a disproportionate effort.
Changes
We reserve the right to change or supplement this statement at any time. Changes or additions will be published here. We encourage you to consult this section regularly.
Cookies
In most cases we specifically ask you for your personal data, but in some cases data is collected in a different way by means of so-called 'cookies'. For more information about this we would like to refer you to our cookie policy.
More information and questions
Do you have any questions or comments about how we safeguard your privacy? Please feel free to contact us at info@norroth.com or create a ticket via our Discord.
