General Rules
Download Link to Chat  
I. General
Warnings of any kind will rase your warning-bar percentage. When the warning bar is at 100% you will get a ban. These rules may be changed at any time without prior notice. Additional conditions for your use of this service can be found in the End-User License Agreement that you accepted upon registration contract if applicable.
II. Multiple Accounts
Only one account per individual is allowed. Account sharing counts as multiple accounts and is therefore not allowed. Account trading is not allowed. Multiple accounts or reasonable grounds to suspect multiple accounts result in an immediate ban of all involved accounts. We suggest that only one account should be used per PC to ensure compliance with this rule.
III. Spam and Harassment
Spamming is simply the sending of irrelevant messages or messages that has no discussion possibilities. Spamming of any kind results in an immediate ban. Harassment and racist messages are in no way tolerated and results in an immediate ban. Harassment includes posts that attack others in a harmful way. Racism includes posts that attack others based on their race, religion or nationality. All spam and harassment messages that are sent to your inbox should be reported using the "Report this message" link, which is displayed at the bottom of the page while viewing a private message in your Inbox.
IV. Automated Scripts and Bots
This community is made by, governed by and maintained for the purpose of human interaction. Do not attempt to undermine the integrity of the game's functionality with the use of scripts, bots or other such devices. Every server query (click) must be the result of human interaction. In short, every click sent to the game servers must come from a live person, not an automated system. Players who are caught attempting to engage in such behaviour will have their accounts removed.
V. Bugs All bugs/errors should be reported
All bugs/errors should be reported in the Bug-Reports channel immediately when found. The act of exploiting bugs, which gives a province an unfair advantage in gameplay, is not tolerated.
VI. Abuse towards the Crew
Messages which are abusive towards or attack the Norroth™ Crew, or any of its members, in any way are not tolerated. This includes messages posted in the forums, on the Norroth™ Portal, through the private messaging system (including replying to forum ban messages or messages sent from Customer Support) and any other means of communication. Abusive messages are anything that contain content which is insulting, offensive, objectionable, or attack the actions the Norroth™ Crew. Such material will be defined at the absolute discretion of the Norroth™ Crew. The communication of such material results in an immediate game ban.
VII. Proxies
The use of proxy servers, except for those assigned by ISPs for normal use is strictly forbidden. This rule also applies to, but is not limited to, anonymous website proxies and any other means to hide your identity.
VIII. Age
All players need to be above the age of 16. Players below the age of 18 may not do any purchases without parental consent.
• Do not use your parent's credit card to make payments without their permission, nor a stolen credit card to make any kind of fraudulent or unauthorized payment.
We need the parental consent per e-mail. Mail it to Info@Norroth.com

IX. Naming Policy
Naming characters, items, pets or any other assets that can be customised will follow the general chat and game rules. Names that insult or harass other people are not allowed and will be changed without prior notice.

X. Zero Tolerance
Do not cheat, hack or make any attack on the servers in any way. This will resolve in a automatic ban of the player and the possibility of being liable to legal action.

Your account is yours and yours alone. A Player may not share,trade,give or sell thier account to anyone, even if one is found in the transition of such events the account will be deleted without hesitation.
